Once upon a time, there was a dragon and a unicorn. They had been the best of friends, 
until King Lion created a competition on who is the most magical creature. Both dragon and unicorn, thought
they were the most magical creatures, and both entered the competition. 

On competition day, they made an oath, promising that they would remain friends no matter who won the 
competition. However, the competition was extremely hard, and soon the only thing that both of them cared about
was winning. 

King Lion was extremely clever, and made this competition to test their friendship. However, when they 
started caring more about winning than each other, he knew he had to do something to fix this. He called in
his friend Pegasus, and made him enter the competition as well. Pegasus had more magical abilities then both
of them, and quickly got in the lead during the competition.

Dragon and unicorn knew that they couldn't win alone, so they joined forces to beat Pegasus. While working
together, they recalled how good friends they used to be and how the competition made them only focus on 
winning. They both apologized to each other, promising that it would never happen again.

The strength of their friendship and trust in one another, allowed them to beat Pegasus. However, there was
a problem. There could only be 1 winner of the competition. Dragon insisted that Unicorn win, and Unicorn 
insisted that Dragon should win.

Suddenly, they thought of an idea. They would ask King Lion to allow both of them to win, by explaining to
him that both of them worked together to get here. If he refused to let both of them win, they would refuse 
letting one person win. 

When they told King Lion this, he started laughing. He said "dearest dragon and unicorn, this whole competition
was fake. I created it to teach you the lesson that friendship is more important than winning. Pegasus is 
actually a dear friend of mine."

Dragon and unicorn were shocked. First they were a little angry, but soon they began laughing as well. The
clever King allowed them to rekindle their friendship and strengthen their trust in one another.